oh oh my gosh is this just a vlog is
this just a normal old vlog I think it
is let's do a plant check hurry looking
haven't killed this one yet second plant
haven't killed that one yet third plant
haven't killed it yeah I think I figured
out this plant situation okay so I feel
like I need to clear a few things up
first of all hey hello how are we doing
peachy Pham if you are new around here
if you have watched some of my tech
videos recently welcome welcome to the
peachy fans things tend to get creative
around here but because I have been
doing so many videos that I actually
have been stoked on will YouTube I feel
like it's a bit of minutes I've just sat
the camera down said hello and chat it a
little bit
it's fidget spinning still a thing that
is this this is a lot of gear and
everything recently I've been making
some videos about computers just because
a video was done about one doesn't mean
that I'm not using the other that guy in
the corner that's the PC I built with
Austin this is the guy that I did the
360 video on and not one over there's
the one that I use when I'm running
around ok cool so I'm using multiple
computers but why are they all packed up
in against the whole wall well I am
actually moving into a office very soon
so exciting and obviously the more
projects and videos I can make and be a
part of the more stoked I am and the
fact that I am now going to have a home
base for all of my creative projects and
collaborations gives me so exciting and
more computers means just more options
and more places that people can come
work on if they want more talk soon but
right now I'm gonna go grab some brunch
with a friend
[Music]
this is one of my favorite areas in New
York is West Village West Village right
so so I just had some lovely brunch with
a dear friend of mine
have you been introduced to the PG fam
yet what is your name
these York IDs you come meet us that
sounds so so I don't even think I can
say that okay yeah yep it's complicated
because in English the H isn't silent so
it's right or ten SIA in middle school I
wasn't cute like if I can only imagine
yeah just like a halo and I'm like three
days later they'd be like this yeah and
I'm like okay and you're very known for
your beautiful hair but you also where
do you work so grow you know your tech
I've done that yes yes yes yes so you
need to go for an insert or young
Instagram what is your handle its style
snappy amazing when we were at brunch
I asked her about her blog going instead
of pulling out her phone to show me a
picture what did you do
my cat oh my gosh you just like oh yeah
I have a dog it's right here I need to
like get John's face tattooed on my lady
yes
[Music]
you want to be on one of my videos for
like the first time in like two weeks
yeah
oh yeah I forgot to bring the energy the
first time okay what do you want to ask
what's up guys I love yours is win whoa
that's pretty good right so this video
is about clearing up something a few
people have been like yo Sarah where my
peachy merch at so that's another thing
I would like to talk about I did a
pre-order so the way this merch happens
is you guys put in your orders and then
I take all of those numbers like oh
there's this many mediums as many larges
and then the merch is made so it's going
to be out soon hopefully you'll get the
shipping information very soon but you
do it a different way you do like the
classic yeah I you clothes made first
and then it sells faster but I
definitely have presale ideas in the
future okay it's a really fun process
but you have new merch though right I do
are you plugging me right now
yeah I can't wait for you guys to cop
the peach merch so I can see it on your
persons and I can't wait to see yours
like IRL I appreciate that
yeah it's here it's here too I think
it's probably already sale selling or
sailing right now feel like sailing to
the moon this is a sneak peek but the
peach emerges fire oh I like it I wear
it on my body's already got Maya that's
funny right now that works yeah yeah
there's like so many different ways to
do merch which is confusing especially
for people who like want to start
clothing lines or maybe you don't have a
super big audience but you do want it
do clothing and stuff I think from your
personal experience you see that it can
be difficult and there are certain
things that come with getting inventory
you have to like do a lot of middleman
stuff but that means you have more
freedom to do what you want it's true
and people get their stuff quicker the
hardest part is just finding the people
who are willing to do the service for us
luckily we've had people approach us
which works out but there are a lot of
companies out there that do this stuff
right you just gotta find them
y'all Decker is a good example you just
you know how the idea of shirts he made
50 shirts sold them yep then he's still
no money upfront
what'd you do what'd I do lots of money
up front and then it's like even more
pressure to sales ask me you already
know yeah what about it seriously we
made a fire baby and we followed switch
boy why is it the first thing that comes
to your life
oh do not try this at home i'ma try Oh
check okay I won't yeah remember don't
mess with me cuz you're messin you wanna
see something
hey ready oh my gosh
I was completely this is a prank that
I'm not in on you're just you are just
destroying okay this lighting isn't
saying okay oh yeah you stand right
there at cue Stan can you keep standing
wait scoot back scoot back perfect
oh yeah that's perfect you can just stay
right there for me good okay
quid pro tip if you're looking for a
cheap coffee table that is it looks nice
but it's not really it's not super solid
this is a coffee table a white coffee
table that's very simple and cute but
it's made out of this like fake
styrofoam e IKEA wood type vibe Scott so
if you take a knife to it of course it's
gonna do that but I just ordered a new
coffee table so I felt like that added
to some square yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
something that I actually haven't talked
about in a while because it just got too
meta its YouTube I feel like it came to
a point where I was trying to make
videos like five times a week like all
the videos and it got to a point where I
just kept talking about YouTube and use
some culture and it's like it gets
tiring I feel like I'll leave that to h3
and all of the reaction accounts and
stuff but it was funny I posted a tech
review that usually has good feedback
generally but I covered the Google pixel
thumb I post a lot of tech stuff that
I'm proud of that took days to film but
you know I had the Google pixel for a
few hours my friend Steph's like me
borrowed and it was kind of just like a
fun little tech blog and I guess because
I wasn't super super into the details
and people got upset and also people got
upset because I had a real opinion about
the phone I think something that is very
common about people who make videos
about tech these days especially phone
I'll give you all of these faculties
don't then just say yeah it's crude I
guess buy it
and very rarely do people actually say
their opinion on these things and I
still think the audio is terrible
isn't good at all either I took a
portion of a picture on the phone it
looked terrible but then I got out like
here and it actually looked fantastic
it's a fantastic camera lentor the
phones that I guess I'm most comfortable
with and I like my video sports I just
know more about them you know obviously
the iPhone iPhone X is coming up very
soon and then the note 8 and the Samsung
Galaxy I recently used the galaxy that I
have for the 360 video that I recently
did but I'm sorry if my opinions
offended you as a human as a human
person beautiful beautiful day i watch
the sunset stunning art alright fred
wahl here the Instagram feed art and
going we got a selfie with the TripIt
thank you guys so much for watching
today and watching all the vids I've
been posting you guys rot peachie fam
support I don't know if that was but
thank you you guys are amazing
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week until next time
stay peachy okay boy
[Music]